{\rtf1\ansi\deff4\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 LiberationSerif-Bold;}{\f7\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 LiberationSerif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f8\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f9\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Noto Sans CJK SC Regular;}{\f10\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f11\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 FreeSans;}{\f12\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 LiberationSerif-Bold;}{\f13\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 LiberationSerif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f14\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue129;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\cs16\sbasedon15\snext16\cf2\ul\ulc0 Internet Link;}
{\*\cs17\sbasedon15\snext17 med1;}
{\*\cs18\sbasedon15\snext18\b\ab Strong;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext20\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\dbch\af9\dbch\af10\afs28\loch\f5\fs28\lang2057 Heading;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\lang2057 Text Body;}
{\s21\sbasedon20\snext21\sl288\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\dbch\af11\lang2057 List;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\i\dbch\af11\afs24\ai\fs24\lang2057 Caption;}
{\s23\sbasedon0\snext23\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\noline\ltrpar\dbch\af11\lang2057 Index;}
{\s24\sbasedon0\snext24\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\li720\ri0\lin720\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa200\contextualspace\ltrpar\lang2057 List Paragraph;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/5.1.6.2$Linux_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/10m0$Build-2}{\info{\*\company Microsoft}{\author Toshiba}{\creatim\yr2017\mo10\dy18\hr15\min55}{\author user}{\revtim\yr2017\mo10\dy18\hr15\min55}{\printim\yr2017\mo10\dy26\hr6\min30}}\deftab708
\viewscale120
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1417\margrsxn1417\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1417\margrsxn1417\margtsxn1417\margbsxn1417\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\b\dbch\af12\afs30\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs30\loch\f6
Control over the nuclear weapons }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
an illness of the  Homo Sapiens, Homo Egoist, Homo Suggestibilis and our Earth, the Gaia, the living planet (}{\cf17\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
https://github.com/ifinta/gondolatok/blob/master/gondolatok.pdf }{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Recently, I read that ten thousands of psychologists and  psychiaters had signed a petition stating that Donald Trump was  \u8220\'93mentally ill\u8221\'94. I do not specify links here, one can find it easily and so many people will not deny their opinion later. The question arises, why do I avoid the mud-slinging of the media whether  Donald Trump  is a really ill man or is he simply an average man being able to enthuse and making mistakes?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I do not want to protect him \u8211\'96 I protect rather myself \u8211\'96 because I suffer from mental problems as well, as 95-99 (100?) of the Americans do.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, I think of the Homo Sapiens.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The Homo Suggestibilis is not interested in his mental health either, he consumes better the media and pays attention in alarm to his own protection only \u8211\'96 usually too late - , if dirt will be thrown at him publicly. They will be crushed. No matter how many they are. May be with nuclear weapons, forcefully. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Just consider! The big turmoil around Donald Trump is not other than an attempt to gain and retain the control over the American nuclear weapons. I guess, if such attempt will be successful, it will create a precedent to exclude most of the Americans (virtually anybody) from the elections and electivity changing brutally the American election scheme this way.  The goal is to help only the elite (perfect people, in fact \u8220\'93Gods\u8221\'94 \u8211\'96 to be detailed later) to power.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The nuclear weapons are inhuman, it is true. We could finish with that right now\u8211\'96 this is the real meaning of the petition. The end of the nuclear age should be an apperception.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Not ill, but an Earth exploited through the centuries by the new type of plunderer human civilisation? }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The expansion of the Homo Egoist was accompanied with an unparalleled devastation, extinction and attenuation of species and religions.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
And the  Homo Suggestiblis was following the actual stupid propaganda. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Who are the representatives of the human civilisation wanting to rise to power actually?  Who are the clericals of this troubled business? }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Several scientists, doctors, media and statesmen \u8211\'96 unfortunately the majority.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\fs24\loch\f7
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s continue: long ago, the churchmen were highly respected and protected against atrocities during wars. Today, such immunity is enjoyed by the diplomats, doctors, journalists and cameramen. Initially, it was seen as a reform that may have helped the human development.  But the Homo Egoist realised the opportunities immediately, by changing position, they did not fail to infiltrate into these branches as well.  What is the faith of this group of people? Who are the prelates? Who are the ones creating a slowly forming and prevailing philosophy to support this devastation?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
To my opinion, the \u8220\'93science\u8221\'94 of psychiatry and psychology, but even more their faith.   I ask forgiveness of those wanting to form a real science from them.  I do not believe that there are many such scientists being satisfied with this faith category, because their goal is the research and eventually the healing of the human brain and thinking.  Of course, if possible and needed. They do not live in the entrancement of power. They will preferably be the ones enjoying my paper.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Recently, I dropped the following lines to my psychiater. In his previous letter he informed me of the actual process of obliging someone to forced medication in Hungary. I quote both points:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In fact, who can be obliged to forced medication?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Directly dangerous conduct:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- Due to an acute disturbance in the patient\u8217\'92s psychic condition, the patient attempts his/her own or others\u8217\'92 life, threatening directly and seriously the safety and health of others.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- Due to an acute disturbance in the patient\u8217\'92s mental condition, the patient  threatens directly and seriously the safety and health of others and the lack of an immediate intervention would result in the continuing worsening of his/her state to be avoided by immediate (emergency) hospitalisation.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
my letter:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Much thanks.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I see. We can discuss personally later. This phrasing seems to be a bit lax for me \u8211\'96 in fact, it can be applied to anybody and any situation, if we want to. Or rather, even the contrary can be understood, if the participants allow. It\u8217\'92s far from an engineer\u8217\'92s approach. There is no measurable, tangible and provable points in it.  It does not even specify the ground of the judgement (act, speech, testimony, material evidence, confirmation process, because, in fact, a simple thought can not be). It seems to be seriously unrighteous to confine people on such grounds, while others may act freely. Especially that this stands in a glaring contradiction with the statement that we are governed fundamentally by our subconscious being (or hidden, suddenly emerging thoughts). I\u8217\'92m more and more convinced that this entire system of theses is not more than religion or faith.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What, unfortunately, is the actually accepted, but not yet recognised religion and faith of the \u8220\'93developed and civilised\u8221\'94 mankind. Like the Indians the shamans, the policeman  follows (chieftain representing the state) the doctor (religious guru) in such cases.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, the spectators, other members of the tribe, because they are unable to judge the shaman\u8217\'92s thoughts and conclusions, participate in the sittings with superstitious dismay accepting the conclusions presented as}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
uncontroversial ones.   The other gurus and shamans, however, keep perfectly still, in optimum case they do not understand the situation either, but they know that their power and existence depends on such games played by the entire society\u894\'3f they are doing nothing against, maximum they discuss among each other keeping the order of twinges or changing it slightly.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, the media play the game drilling the myth of \u8220\'93useful science\u8221\'94 helping to avoid inhuman acts to be committed by others (PREDICTION) in the people daily. The \u8220\'93others\u8221\'94 are, of course, the mentally ill people playing the role of divine victims in this religious ritual. I have read a citation from a (Chinese?) philosopher on the facebook stating that although one can be tortured and jailed, but the freedom and truth of the  thoughts can never be taken away\u894\'3f as a result, life becomes in every situation beautiful and successful rendering a great benediction. I believe that was a well founded idea once. However, I was about expressing my experience: presently, a statement like this is no more valid. In our world the humans can be jailed, tortured and limited mentally with chemicals. What does a patient experience in fact at a psychiatric lock-ward or during a \u8220\'93voluntary\u8221\'94 medication? The freedom of their thoughts will be taken away, their abilities will be limited to lose their right to their natural diversity and \u8211\'96 as part of these - their specific sensing and arguing abilities will be limited. And all these with the intent of \u8220\'93medication\u8221\'94. What really \u8220\'93medication\u8221\'94 is? Forcing people to think, feel and argue in the way accepted by the above \u8220\'93religion and faith\u8221\'94 using various techniques.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Are these techniques successful, the \u8220\'93believer\u8221\'94 can calm down. The statements of his \u8220\'93religion\u8221\'94 and the norms set up by him, i. e. the raison d\u8217\'92\u233\'e9tre of the social game will not be queried any more by the weird conduct, sensing and statements of the \u8220\'93ill patient\u8221\'94. You can be horrified by that at utmost. I apologise for my straightforwardness. My statements may slightly be exaggerated, but otherwise the essence would have been lost. I was thinking about TASZ-on (https://tasz.hu/magunkrol ) and the following steps. I do not involve them, because they can not do anything else but to take measures to comply with the laws (and the games) of the above mentioned \u8220\'93developed and civilised\u8221\'94 society.  Our laws, however, are so complicated and voluminous that the compliance with them is a real challenge in these days. A situation like this may shake the classic fundaments of the lawmaking process, a fact that can hardly be acknowledged. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
After all, the UNDERSTANDING of the laws should be a precondition of their OBSERVANCE. I\u8217\'92d like to avoid the participation such conflicts and processes \u8211\'96 even indirectly \u8211\'96 and waste my energy and time. I don\u8217\'92t have too much of them yet.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
To do so I would authenticate \u8211\'96 maybe indirectly - the laws and games of this \u8220\'93advanced civilisation\u8221\'94. It would not be a logical move. The compliance with the laws and have the laws complied with are fundamental issues \u8211\'96 otherwise chaos would reign. If such compliance could be enforced at all and, as I expounded above, it\u8217\'92s nowadays not the case, how could I require a performance like this from ordinary people. Why to launch a process in vane, if I don\u8217\'92t believe in its success and rightfulness. What remains, is forgiveness in the spirit \u8220\'93they are not aware of their acts\u8221\'94. I believe that I have natural right to this. I better concentrate on the future and those who reckon upon me, accept me somehow love and support me and take and spread or shape my ideas. I\u8217\'92ll consult with my lawyer and ask for his opinion about his former proposal not to move forward now. However, this will only be an informative discussion. Just to know his views as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In the old days he characterised the bitcoin and the crypto-money  as items leading us to a world where the above mentioned laws and justice are incompetent. It\u8217\'92s true. While writing the letter, it has become clear to me what is \u8211\'96 among others \u8211\'96 that substantiates the existence of such currencies in the present society. Exactly the incompetence of the above laws and justice. The organism failing to operate and the suppression of the carcinoma destroying the human organisms (human society). Momentarily, this is the chance of recovery for this unhealthy world. This is what the healthy cells and people wishing to live \u8211\'96 even unconsciously \u8211\'96 want.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Many happy returns,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Mr. Istv\u225\'e1n Finta}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
"}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Mr. Trump may measure his temperature, because it is a measurable parameter of the human body \u8211\'96 I guess he has not, i. e. he is not ill; some people, however, only GUESS, as their RELIGION dictates. The average temperature of the Earth, the Gaia, the living planet ( }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.kagylokurt.hu/280/termeszettudomany/gaia-a-foldistennoje" }{\fldrslt {\cf2\ul\ulc0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
http://www.kagylokurt.hu/280/termeszettudomany/gaia-a-foldistennoje}{}}}\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
. html ), however, head for a feverish future.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I can understand Mr. Trump, if he does not agree with the presently effective climate agreements \u8211\'96 they do not worth a whoop, it\u8217\'92s plain to see. Much more expressed interventions would be needed against the expansion of the Homo Egoist.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I believe that the Homo Sapiens did not become extinct yet. Its traces can yet be recognised.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Characteristics:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- Peaceful, because he knows and acknowledges the natural law of action-reaction. (The aggression may excite aggression that can not be a real solution to any problem.). However, if needed, he protects himself, his associates and his environment.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that he is not better than other beings, sometimes they are stronger, more capable and practical, even they are able to pass better decisions by instinct, they are more flexible and adaptable...  Just consider the fauna and flora of the Bikini-atoll, the fauna hiding below the Antarctic ice, the penguins, whales, cockroaches etc.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He does not want to deprive other beings\u8217\'92 of their living-space, he is able to use them and their living-space without doing so. He knows that he could not exist without this environment and he does not cherish such illusion either.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that he may commit mistakes and he does not expect inerrancy from others either.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that the past can not be changed, but he can learn from it \u8211\'96 there is no reason to regret.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that money is only a tool, not a general standard. He does not divinise other tools either. E. g. the mammon in the Bible, nuclear power, science, etc... }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He tolerates criticism, even likes it. He can improve his knowledge by it. He does not insist on his decisions, he is able to change himself and change things, if he recognises its necessity. He does not follow dogmas.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that, if an intelligence \u8211\'96 I explain later what this word means in my paper -\u8211\'96 gets on and thinks differently challenging his faith and knowledge will urge him to learn, think and change instead of giving way to despair and aggression.    }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He appreciates the apprehensions of other intelligences and he knows that his sense is limited and does not disesteem / divinise those sensing the world differently.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He is able to lose. He knows that to lose is not other than learning and training. These are the pledge of the future success. He can cautiously avoid mindless disputes and competitions. He knows that the real conciliator is the future instead of the momentary seeming.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that there is not only one truth. Just consider the fox \u8211\'96 rabbit dilemma.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The fox wants to eat, while the rabbit to flee. Are they right? Yes. Are their intents antagonistic to each other? Yes.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that his thoughts and the subconscious range are researched, but not yet explored, nobody knows exactly where the thoughts come from and how our brain works \u8211\'96 this might relate to one or more intelligences, this is the reason why he is thankful for his recognitions, he addresses responsible criticism to them, but he does not consider them as his sole merit or mistake.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\qc\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that things being virtually impossible for him, may be possible for other organisms and intelligences. E. g. how bacteria can strike through very fine filters, how dogs have much better smelling, the sensing of others\u8217\'92 thoughts (without knowing the subconscious topology that can not be disproved) or the sensing of the momentary future is not necessarily impossible.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\qc\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that the future that will happen later must be inscrutable, otherwise we could not speak about the responsibility of our decisions because the former establishes ground for the latter.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- He knows that the future that will happen later can not be recognised, it can not be predicted and he does not try to do it, he does not divinise others who were seemingly successful in this area with some luck.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- At the same time he knows that much can be done for this future that will happen later with responsible decisions and even the involvement of other organisms and intelligences.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe my list is incomplete, but it can be changed and improved if these actions do not impair its easy and quick understanding and do not cause losses in its content  (as the new rules passed by the pigs in Orwell\u8217\'92s animal farm).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The world and the state of our Earth, Gaia could significantly be improved, if the majority would think in the way as expected from the  Homo Sapiens.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
My notions are NOT for Barack Obama Mrs. Merkel or Mr. Emanuel Macron, not even for Mr. Putin  or Viktor Orb\u225\'e1n. And so on.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
These people are unequivocally NOT PSICHIATRIC CASES \u8211\'96 the media, the doctors and we, ourselves know it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
They are SIMPLY perfect through their media, doctors and we adore them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Whom is this paper for?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
E. g. for the simple peasants, if they yet exist. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Do you think you can avoid the psychiatric ward? The propagators of these doctrines do not hesitate to address criticism to the US president, because his is mentally ill (in a low-keyed wording) and do not think that you\u8217\'92ll be an exception!  This is yet a world religion and the state provides support for it, among others in country as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Celebrities and their alter-egos to be sentenced to character assassination today:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- Moses (who spoke to the burning thorn-bush)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- Present reincarnations of Jesus (I do not want to detail here how people thinking they are Christ are medicated in the psychiatric wards)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- St. Francis (who spoke to the birds, throwing out his father\u8217\'92s fortune through the window and marched naked along the street to the church)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- Buddha? (I do not believe that Buddha could get off easily, although the case of the Lama of Dalai raises hope; the Eastern people and their Gods...  are very talented) }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What does a mankind deserve that jails, tortures, humiliate and exclude its possible prophets?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Gaia, our Earth, the living planet is not yet able to tolerate this \u8211\'96 its fever goes up, the global warming up is a well known phenomenon \u8211\'96 two and a half degrees more and the present biological systems among them the \u8220\'93viruses\u8221\'94 having attacked its equilibrium reach their end.  Knowing the history of the Bikini-atoll, (blooming fauna und flora reigns there without human life) the fauna and flora will somehow survive.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Is there any hope for us?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
"Keiner, der sich selbst kennenlernt, bleibt derselbe wie vorher" /Thomas Mann/}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
((Nobody who knows himself remains the same))}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Hold up a mirror to the world and ourselves \u8211\'96 thrill with fear and change.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Is there a way to democracy, if only the restrictions can be regarded as logical steps forward instead of broadening living-space and improving prosperity?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The consuming society was not about that, was it ... in a dictatorship it can be implemented easier.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There are two way to chose by the world and both are directed to dictatorship:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
1.) The peaceful way in a false-hearted democracy (presently the Democratic Party in America and the European Union \u8211\'96 see above.  The people, the media and the doctors \u8211\'96 by their new religion - are all hypnotised and abused).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The Internet remains, but censored and held under strict control.  The question is what follows, if the goals are achieved?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I\u8217\'92m afraid that there is no way out of the lies.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
2.) The case of a classic military coup.  Creating and presenting enemies and ideas about enemies. Fight against them with the required military discipline. Then, following the victory, communal  triumphant shout and either the dictatorship remains or new enemy will be generated or a wonder befalls, the was of Churchill: the \u8220\'93dictator\u8221\'94 returns the chance of democracy.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In fact, the Brexit is not an accident. The decision of the English people was not conscious, but instinctive; they are hypnotised to get back to the Union, threatened e. g. economically, but there is yet a chance to shape something good that can be followed by the world as an example.  Forming an abstinent democracy all we need so much. We can think of the Greeks at this point. Or think of ourselves; I\u8217\'92ll return to this topic later trying to list my practical advises.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\fs24\loch\f7
 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I could boast now, how clever I am, but I do not do it. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The thoughts are coming from my subconscious range and, as I expounded above, they may come from an external intelligence or intelligences being in contact with my subconscious range, call the simply REALITY, but I must add that it can even be a partial reality only, it may depend on time and location or it can remain unknown as good \u8211\'96 who knows?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
They shall have THEIR request and logic. Glory be to them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I contend with some actual statement of psychiatry, but it will not change the content of my paper.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It\u8217\'92s enough for me that these ideas are complete \u8211\'96 they can be of public interest, if I publish them \u8211\'96 and I\u8217\'92m ready to face criticism and constructive debates. For this reason I do not want to fix it firmly, because I\u8217\'92d like to share it not only with my followers...  Presently, the good medium is the github.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I\u8217\'92ll upload to the NXT blockchain as well, because can not be deleted without shutoff of the Internet.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What do we really call intelligence and how does it influence my subconscious range? What does this term never used this way before cover and what is the abstraction it hides? Let\u8217\'92s see now some simple, easily understandable examples:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The other day I visited a flower-shop. We brought flowers to my mothers grave. I asked  my daughter Jazmin to chose but, looking at two flowers, my heart started to beat; I tried to explain Jazmin what I think: I treat Zsuzsa\u8217\'92s (my mother) memory, I\u8217\'92m thinking of Zsuzsa herself and Zsuzsa speaks to me in my soul \u8211\'96 she\u8217\'92d like to heave exactly this flower.   In fact, Zsuzsa, i. e. my mother is an intelligence in me,  affecting myself through my subconscious thoughts and sentiments. If I think of her, I feel warmth and love, i. e. her warmth and love.  Her thoughts come forth helping me to pass decisions even in circumstances  I never considered in her life. In summary, the intelligence is active and influences the world through myself. Or even it lives in Jazmin\u8217\'92s soul  and I believe that she feels these values in her own way and memories and she wants to take on.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
Concerning my father, only the sentiments remain without consciousness and I review selectively the memories and sentiments deposited in my }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
subconscious}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
 range selecting similar guys for my friends and contacts. My father\u8217\'92s intelligence influences me unconsciously.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
He passes over the Homo Sapiens\u8217\'92 knowledge, humor, thruths and sentiments \u8211\'96 myabe unwittingly and instinctly.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
I\u8217\'92m browsing papers, I\u8217\'92m listening to people to improve my }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
subconscious}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
 knowledge, but I discover more and more contradictions in this cultural mesh. I do not think that there is sombody to doubt it. There are people allowing an intelligence to dominate over them \u8211\'96 they introduce a kind of dictatorship in their brain to be able to pass decisions more rapidly and get on in the present reality, while they quarrel with their own and/or  their environment\u8217\'92s  bread and butter. But it can result also in a series of real achievements, e. g. in case of an artist. May way differs from that.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
I had a life full of somersaults trying to safeguard the information obtained and create a world-model being able to operate to my present knowledge. Answering questions I had to admit times hat I had no world outlook. There was no reason to tell a lie or should I awov my self a \u8222\'84bushwhacker\u8221\'94?  There were times when I tried out earnestly  some odds and ends advertised by others, but, generally, it resulted in unsuccess.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But my subconscious thoughts and experiences have become richer. I admit that there are several intelligences affecting me, helping my decisions and motivating my acts. Would it split my personality? Or is this a category distributed too easily in the present world?  Are the doctrinal weapons of the prelates popped? Unfortunately, yes. It\u8217\'92s plain to see and experienced. They are able to decide people\u8217\'92s fate and prevent the predominance of intelligences by blocking \u8211\'96 assisted by the state\u8217\'92s power \u8211\'96 the peoples subconscious range even with chemicals. Although a man somersaulting in the world\u8217\'92s cultural deep jungle is not other than a simple human. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s see now America, the EU and the world of Pharaohs in ancient Egypt.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Egypt was unequivocally green. (The Nile fed them with its floods. I. e. renewable energy was used. They had no nuclear weapons and they had nothing to do with nuclear energy.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But, no doubt, they were living under dictatorship.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Pharaoh + his relatives + hierarchs = Homo Egoist (considering themselves as Gods, avoiding any contacts with the dependants and marrying within the family and their outrageous  egoism has resulted in their extinction, in spite the huge pyramids, they could not survive. Only their intelligences survived, they are present even today and, unfortunately, they are able to operate.)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The hierarchs used the religion to abuse the people - Homo Suggestibilis\u8217\'92. There were slaves (e. g. Jews, who with Moses and their God \u8211\'96 being an intelligence as well \u8211\'96 are able to survive finally. I guess that Moses is a Homo Sapiens and also an intelligence who/what impresses  through the Jewish people or even myself.)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe, there were other Homo Sapiens\u8217\'92 there, maybe not so famous than Moses, but they were able to pass their intelligence and humanity  on their children through the generations incidentally under cover and hiding. Their descents might live among us. We do not know.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
They were followed by Jesus having become one of the intelligences of a world religion, recognised by his followers as an existing and impressing entity. They speak to him, they ask for help and recognise the divine help as a real one.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Allah, Buddha, Konrad Lorenz, Napoleon, Yoda and Vuk, the laws of the various sciences, all possible types of religions, the dolphins\u8217\'92 and ants\u8217\'92 intelligences, the computer science, Merlin the magician could also be categorised as intelligences, but I do not do it \u8211\'96 these are really intelligences influencing the present world through the people, creatures and objects (consider the meteorites following the laws of physics in their flight, the machines or the Internet\u8230\'85)  appreciating and following them . Do not forget, the intelligences may have POWER on us this way but they may HELP us, too. They can safeguard us or kill us. Just to mention some extremities.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
How can we speak about monotheism in a world like this? I\u8217\'92d like to avoid any dispute \u8211\'96 this is the reason why I call tem intelligences. This abstraction can be tied to God or Gods as one likes.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe the Greeks\u8217\'92 polytheism in which several intelligences interact, fight and argue falls nearer to the reality that the subsequent attempts\u8230\'85 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Or the world of fairy tales along with their wonders. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Who knows?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
Anyhow, I feel that carious intelligences argue, clash and agree with each other in myself day by day. In the multitude of arguments and counter-arguments emerging from my subcoscious range. In the meanwhile I feel, think, impress and decide following my actual principles and humanity. There are times, when a decision, sentiment or thought misleads me and I realise it much later. Of course. I\u8217\'92m I human who commit mistakes.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s return to Egypt, the EU and the USA. Let\u8217\'92s consider the latter two entities:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7
The world wants to become green and this is a correct idea. They know and, if needed, they use the nuclear power. I do not agree with that in its complexity, as I emphasised above. This thing is not yet for the present mankind. Maybe it can shoot itself with it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But. The power will be pushed slowly in the Homo Egoist\u8217\'92s hands, his high priests round the religion subordinating the people to the decision making body selected from the Homo Egoists that will shrink to a Pharaoh and his family, because the Homo Egoist DOES NOT ACCEPT other Gods, but himself and his relatives.  No other decisive families may reign \u8211\'96 in the process of time, they antagonised and killed each other. This process itself is the future history, our actual future what can be changed.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s consider the similarity. The Pharaoh was a man. But he deemed himself God. He was concerned about his hardly created gene pool. Genetic engineering? Who knows? He may embody the sample of the \u8220\'93perfect human\u8221\'94 what we want to create according to our new, emerging philosophy and adore it. Like a God? Of course. Then, the creation is finished and the Pharaoh was born again. He can achieve that we use renewable energy, in the Nile valley as good, because it is at the same place since millenaries. To think too much is useless, if  somebody is a dictator, it\u8217\'92s quite enough to read a primer. But let\u8217\'92s return  to the present world from our empire of fantasy.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The tools to put the Homo Suggestibilis\u8217\'92 under control are shaping. TV channels, radio stations , tablets and media are controlled by the various Homo Egoists. And many gullible Homo Sapiens\u8217\'92 cooperate, but slowly realise that things are not in order. He deems himself surely a slave  and he will be really a slave, his fate is designed to be a slave in the future.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Do you shiver?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Then, you are still a Homo Sapiens. Keep reading this paper and what is the main point \u8211\'96 change yourself and change the future - as I suggested, I believe that it is possible.  Simply mathematics, philosophy. Do not believe that you are an defenceless figure in the hands of your fate. Or a tiny ant.  This the change I want to realise. However, without assistance we are not able to achieve success, because it is about the society, do not forget! }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There are still elections to rise other Homo Sapiens\u8217\'92 to power. You must select and convince others responsibly. As Homo Sapiens would do, advisably, \u8220\'93more brain than brawn\u8221\'94. You may even have the media and the Internet is not yet censored. Maybe. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But how can happen that the various intelligences have different ideas about REALITY?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It\u8217\'92s simple. If you look at a cylinder from various locations, its round from above and square sideward. Could we argue how it looks like, if we firmly insist on our point? Of course.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I state that no more than one projection of the REALITY can be seen by the intelligences. If the opinions conflict, it is not enough to compromise, we must reconsider and change our point to get closer to reality explaining the projections examined. Of course, the unreal attributes attached by the human fantasy shall be removed.  It\u8217\'92s not easy, I know.  But a new intelligence might rise.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
We must know that not every intelligence supports peace and life. The goal is not always the recognition of the REALITY, sometimes its elimination instead. Just consider terrorism, wars, crimes, extinguishing species, lies \u8230\'85  The media spreads information related to them and we ourselves can experience day by day these processes. These processes are invoked by people for various reasons and on various considerations, sometimes to eliminate differences (because it challenges the daily logic, implicitly their lives and existence and the simplest way to ease this stress is the elimination any differences, i. e. \u8220\'93let\u8217\'92s eliminate them\u8221\'94).  To forget, however, will not be so easy, because the intelligence of differences will always be present, I guess, and they are moved by the intelligences and instincts.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Do not forget, even the Pharaohs\u8217\'92 intelligences could be eliminated from this world, the years fade their effects but at the same time, help to forget / hide them facilitating their repeated expansion to devastate the environment with the help of new naive generations.  Fortunately, life protects itself and I believe that it could even survive a nuclear war. See the Bikini atoll, as I pointed out above.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Will mankind extinguished? it may happen. Will life be able to generate new living intelligence? Yes.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Just consider the case of the dolphins. Will the till now known intelligences of us eliminated? Who knows ? I just remark that the intelligences did not achieve more than judge and announce the various projections of REALITY. The human attributes were, of course, added. And the REALITY remains available for the following living intelligence  and the projection will also be there, i. e. there are no obstacles in the way of actions of the \u8220\'93extinguished\u8221\'94 intelligence with actually different attributes. There is no new thing under the sun \u8211\'96 they say.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But what are the consequences? What is what calms me down, just to annoy others?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
That not I am the one such information originates from. But I experienced it through the REALITY. REALITY remains REALITY \u8211\'96 no matter what is the fate I must face.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I mention here  Attila J\u243\'f3zsef. Only an accidental, awkward and unconscious move that may come from an \u8220\'93intelligence of bad will\u8221\'94 and one can die. Attila has committed suicide, did not he, point out some people. Maybe. But he may have been too open-hearted crossing the way of some people (and the intelligences followed by them). The \u8220\'93tricky fear\u8221\'94 did not only supervise, but also hit Attila in an unexpected moment.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Attila was a poet \u8211\'96 not an engineer. He included his sentiments in poems artistically. And he professed the people ( http://www.babelmatrix.org/works/hu-all/J%C3%B3zsef_Attila-1905 ).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I am an engineer \u8211\'96 I can realise and present how useless would be to repeat the story of Attila with me. Yes, I would stop speaking,  continuing the writing, avoiding to cross others\u8217\'92 way, but  I will not \u8211\'96 everybody can do what he wants and is able to do. The judge will be the REALITY, his own body, his environment and his own intelligences and their possible conflicts.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I remain a simple earthborn, an engineer who HAD thoughts to be shared with unknown others. What were these thoughts about?  Of course, about REALITY. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Reality exists independently of myself, it acts and sits in judgement on this world. Let\u8217\'92s consider the irreversible changes in the Earth\u8217\'92s climate. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Dot.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
If somebody / something, even en intelligence tries to attack myself and my environment, it has no significance for such processes. They are independent of my and I just can hold up a mirror that can be broken, but the REALITY remains intact. Even the deadlines acting through the climate changes will suffer delay.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I hope that everybody is able to understand this. I share these thoughts learning from Attila\u8217\'92s story and remembering it. I do not know what exactly happened, but I admit that the case is very suspicious. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
If knowing this, why do I not remain in silence safeguarding my anonymity acting through the effigy of an anonymous person?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Because the history can be followed up this way. It can not be replaced and no a picture of God can be created from an unanimous person who can even be eternal, if the individuals behind him are changed.  The story can better be confirmed with facts and events referring to my past \u8211\'96 it can be better documented and controlled. It is enough that a REALITY behind me is concrete and known that can not be destroyed by anybody / anything. Why would we hide behind unanimity the REALITY and I (sorry, I mist smile now)?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Through fear?  I do not allow to act on my work and plans when I see that we must act in favour of all of us.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Much thanks to my son and his train mania; he kept playing with a \u8220\'93puff-puff\u8221\'94 invoking Attila\u8217\'92s story in my brain again. Why was this playing with a \u8220\'93puff-puff\u8221\'94 different as usual? Why did it invoke thoughts? Maybe because the kid diverted me from my thoughts so violently in a moment when I was deeply occupied with writing.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Generally, he does not play this way \u8211\'96 it was different than another time. I guess that I appraised the case well, because my son is now sleeping; otherwise he is awake disturbing me with the \u8220\'93puff-puff\u8221\'94. This is of course my illusion (driven by my intelligence) I know. The psychiatrists imprinted it deeply in me.  But it is good to have illusions, they help much in my work. Although there are illusions that can hardly support people. I\u8217\'92ll return to this point later. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What Attila guessed about the term \u8220\'93tricky fear\u8221\'94 governs us? I explain what my opinion is. It is important.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
As I mentioned above, the subconscious topology is not yet known. Do not believe in dogmas stating that our thoughts are invisible. We can state for sure that our thoughts can meet our intelligences (the same information cloud) \u8211\'96 however, the question arises whether the subconscious ranges of two people and the subconscious ranges of other living intelligences and the same of a human can be in contact with each other.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
This and contrary statement are not yet proven, i. e. it can not be excluded. The topology is unknown. This is an issue having deep roots ranging until the safety of data stored in a computer. It is an interesting topic, which may have relations to this, but I do not explain it onwards.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
We can associate them with each other, we realise the contradictions and interdependencies and it invokes material reactions and sentiments.  Just to mention some: our heart starts beating, we are pervaded with love, our heart misses beats, our heart breaks, our brain stops working, we are pervaded with warmth, we are horrified \u8230\'85. Everybody is able to have such experiences, I guess.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
However, thoughts may appear affected by the acts of the surrounding world as well. Our thoughts are then \u8211\'96 even unconsciously - under control of the surrounding world. Somebody breaks out in laughter behind us, as because our pants are holey, we think that he laughs at us. We become a bit stressed, angry and embarrassed, starting to cover our rump by instinct.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
A paranoid reaction, says the psychiater. Yes. Maybe. But it may happen that the man behind us discover the problem and laughs at us disrespectfully. Maybe. But it\u8217\'92s also possible that both of us are under the influence of our intelligences (the relation between them can not be excluded, as I confirmed above) driving us in the direction of something drastic to occur between two people.   It\u8217\'92s important to know that the other person does not know anything of his moves and us. Or we are the ones doing something \u8211\'96 unconsciously \u8211\'96 \u8220\'93against\u8221\'94 ourselves, e. g. we put down our glasses  unconsciously somewhere. It can even happen as a result of the action of lifeless objects / their changes as well. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The event comes followed by the thought to be associated with the specific intelligence or intelligences and then we feel something and act. Consider e. g. Moses here.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
He flees with his people away from the Pharaoh\u8217\'92s army. He believes that an intelligence, the God helps the peculiar people. The sea opens way to continue the march. Then, the sea closes again and kills the Pharaoh along with his army.  Moses is thankful and his faith in the power of intelligence supporting his people BECOMES STRONGER.  Yes. God is almighty and we are the peculiar people, he thinks, announces, writes and believes along with those experienced this act. With deep faith, I add respectfully. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Then, the years go by and we are slowly on the eve of World War I. Attila lives and writes poems. He document many things he sees. Fascism starts to unfold. Attila suffers from mental problems attending doctors who follow Freud\u8217\'92s teaching reaching helping hands. Attila lives and tries to be happy. I believe that there were happy moments experienced in the teaching and  in the documentation of his sentiments, I feel, Attila\u8217\'92s intelligence is working in me suggesting that all these are true.  They poems suggest the same: \u8222\'84I will teach my entire nation not at high-school level\u8221\'94. He proceeded this way, his intelligence helped me many times. We can believe in him when writing about \u8220\'93tricky fear governs us\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93insane Satan\u8221\'94.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I state that this \u8220\'93tricky fear\u8221\'94 influences us even today. It just tries to appear more humanistic.  I have been living in Austria and Germany. Involuntarily, I was dealing with the fascism and I was happy to avoid any meeting with it. I must admit that it seems to me sometimes that the intelligence of fascism is hiding in our country, too. In the meanwhile I was living my life somersaulting in the cultural jungle of our age. I was admitted to the psychiatry where I faced the fascism. I\u8217\'92m sorry, but it was exactly so. The tried to be friendly, polite and }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
insinuating, but They were the fascism, I KNOW.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The medication with the medicines was hell within a hell not only in the German }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
linguistic area. The goals are the same: to believe in the perfect human, divinise his person and kill everybody else. Here, before our eyes will the Pharaoh born again. And, unfortunately, this spirit will conquer the entire world again. Germany, Austria and Europe as well.  Through the illusion of the feasibility of \u8220\'93perfection\u8221\'94 Do not allow.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe Moses was driven by his intelligences or accidental events, I do not know. maybe Christ fell victim of misunderstandings caused by series of accidents and maybe that St. Francis was an insane man to treated in a psychiatric ward, while Buddha was reincarnated \u8211\'96 that can unequivocally be excluded as a possible option.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It does not matter, I do not want to ignite useless debates, I\u8217\'92d like only to point out that not only one intelligence exists and we do not know what is the goal to be achieved with our virtual support or punishment (maybe just survive, expand and gain power on us) and it \u8211\'96 in addition to the Earth, Gaia \u8211\'96 might come from another galaxy threatening the life / living world and the obtainment of the living space is the sole target (it\u8217\'92s well known, isn\u8217\'92t it) \u8211\'96 this is our subconscious  topology and it can not be excluded in the lack of  knowledge of the unknown physical laws. What is what I\u8217\'92m stating in mathematical terms? }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
That not zero or one intelligence exists in our world. I do not know their numerosity.  There intelligences could be sorted mathematically by their distance from the REALITY, but a measurement like this is virtually impossible, because the required information is available afterward (the past confirms it) failing to reflect the actual situation. ((This may be the  Heisenberg uncertainty principle?)). But I express that this distance from the REALITY can arbitrarily be small, but never zero. Please refute the above statements.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Job\u8217\'92s story comes to my mind. There is a point in it the story fails to explain extensively. Job believes in his God, he has family and wealth and lives happily. But the God\u8217\'92s faith in Job is not so well established.  One of his angel, the Satan engineers to tempt God to challenge Job\u8217\'92s faith.  Job loves you just for his well being suggesting the illusion the God.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
And here comes something I do not like, I admit. Job loses everything! But who is the one taking everything away? God? No. The Satan himself? No. God and the Satan are in the subconscious range of Job and his environment tempting them with acts, thoughts and illusions to bring about the above horror. This process remains unexplained in the story, although it would be informative. It would be similar to events experienced by many people during World War II. Even the background of the \u8220\'93tricky fear\u8221\'94 would be better explained. Because we are the ones  invoking such events in our life in agreement with our God / Gods used by the evil, e. g. fascism as tools.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I PRAY \u8211\'96 recognise in ourselves the fascist! Do not raise hands and stop acting, step back and shout to our God / Gods that this probation is not needed as the Heisenberg uncertainty relation dictates!}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s list the signs as well:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we snarl at somebody with malice and spit,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we threaten somebody\u8217\'92s life,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we want to take somebody\u8217\'92s property and family,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we erect fence to prevent people from the free movement in the world.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
NO MATTER in or out. ((There was no fence along the Hungarian border in the Turkish age. After all, ~ 2000 people  were able  to stop the Turkish horde counting 100\~000 warriors, e. g. at the Eger fortress. But there is a difference  -  understand well. I believe that terrorist can not be excluded  this way because they can find ways to come in. Let\u8217\'92s admit the real refugees under the control of fair laws and give them this paper translated to their mother language to think about. Do not forget the past, why the bells are rung in Europe at noon.. ))}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we query the being or raison d'\u281\'3ftre of the culture (we burn books or ban, etc.) }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we fail to comply with the changes in the constituents\u8217\'92 will and remain their \u8220\'93representatives\u8221\'94,   }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we tell lies and accept lies toward those who never told lies to us, }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if, as journalist, one fails to present the REALITY, but glorifies powers hoping wealth from tem, }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we want to take away living-space forcefully from others (from other creatures),}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we want to carve up human brain with chemicals and power ((The thoughts and their logic shall be recognise better with meditation \u8211\'96 everybody has his/her own subconscious range, please recognise that first!))}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we want to subjugate other states with blitzkrieg and cherish power,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if we build bunkers (pyramids) to save ourselves. They can not save you from the consequences of your acts and the hostile conduct of our subconscious range; maybe our genes can be maintained, but there is no other advantage,}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- if censure is needed, we burn books, \u8220\'93integrate\u8221\'94 the representatives of other cultures, critical posts \u8230\'85 because we can not tolerate the way how others size up us.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The list is long, as it can be enlarged. ((But we are on github and I try to examine anyone\u8217\'92s  \u8222\'84pull request\u8221\'94 \u8211\'96 I promise.))}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Here are some more important contributions concerning the \u8220\'93tricky fear\u8221\'94. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
How could happen the famous scene in Egypt, explained today as the trick of the Pharaoh who used this accidental event of eclipse to confirm his power? What were the elements required? Surely, an eclipse which happens rarely even in America, being a big country. How could it happen that the revolt broke out EXACTLY THAT TIME (during this term of some minutes duration in several decades)? Or were there revolts through decades? It is not convincing for me at all.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\lang1038\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Attila could experience  and maybe he wrote also about it, and it is my experience also that some intelligences can be great illusionists. Maybe only one, but I do not like to limit the range. In fact, we can say: fascism and other intelligences are great illusionists.  Sometimes with the intent to help. But what is illusion for? It\u8217\'92s simple \u8211\'96 the \u8220\'93power\u8217\'92s ring\u8221\'94 \u8211\'96 as stated.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s get back to Egypt. To my opinion the intelligence (intelligences?) did not exploited the accident \u8211\'96 it was present in everybody\u8217\'92s subconscious range wanting to manifest that  it has a hold over the humans. My model does not exclude that neither the hierarchs of the Pharaoh nor the Pharaoh himself know about the eclipse to come.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
However, it was known for an alien civilisation knowing the human subconscious topology and wanting to employ this knowledge.  It gained power over humans  with these illusionist scenes wanting to exploit this power to influence the human life. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Dosing the information of  REALITY cautiously. Yes, looking at the history, we are the representatives of these intelligences on Earth which act through us, because we have realised that to get to another galaxy was not an easy job, especially with a conquering army and weapons.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But why to get there? If they are spread widely, they may be present in the subconscious range of the humans and that is quite enough. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It\u8217\'92s enough to \u8220\'93whisper\u8221\'94 in the ears of the humans with the help of thoughts emerging from the subconscious range what\u8217\'92s happening and what to do. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
To the people: \u8222\'84Why do you believe in the Pharaoh, he suppresses you employing his position, he is not a God at all and you live in misery and hunger\u8221\'94. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
To the Pharaoh: \u8222\'84If you go among people, do not be afraid, simply sign toward the Sun and take it away. As the people see your divine power and kiss the ground, be merciful and free the Sun again.\u8221\'94 The Pharaoh believes in the intelligence, of course, because it whispered many things required to his PROSPERITY and POWER. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
As the thoughts emerged, everything was in order. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
To the hierarchs: \u8222\'84say a prayer for the Pharaoh, if you pray and present the ceremonies as usual, the Pharaoh will be able to darken the Sun and prove his power.\u8221\'94  When the scene was over, all participants ascertained  the firmness of their world view and \u8211\'96 hurray \u8211\'96 after the confirmation of their faith, they can continue to live in the way they did before.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I do not list more examples, although there are many. The above explanation, of course, can not be applied to e. g. the Moses wonder, when the sea was opened before the people. Or the case when Christ walked on the water and his resurrection.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Buddha\u8217\'92s reincarnation. ... Maybe these are different intelligences acting differently in our world.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
One can say, as it was always said that the entire world was an illusion. I do not believe this, I believe in REALITY, because I\u8217\'92m an engineer. Maybe I\u8217\'92m wrong? Maybe. I\u8217\'92m a human controlled by my intelligences lending my thoughts and I\u8217\'92m free to believe in things I choose \u8211\'96 there is freedom of religion and speech, I hope.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Living in the freedom of religion and speech, it\u8217\'92s absurd to punish and suppress the thoughts, if a psychiatrist decides that somebody is \u8220\'93ill\u8221\'94. The human will be punished by separation from the ACCIDENTAL intelligences and sentiment using medicines overturning the patient\u8217\'92s range of ideas.  It\u8217\'92s my experience, I have been living for years in a so called \u8220\'93compensation\u8221\'94 \u8211\'96 this is the effect of the medicines I\u8217\'92m speaking about. After a treatment like this, one can not argue in goodwill, e. g. he can not exist as an engineer or recall old memories \u8230\'85 then, he will be discharged to the street reminding him that: \u8222\'84make yourself small, do not speak, live as you can and confirm day by day and week by week that you believe in our world view and in your disease.\u8221\'94 No wonder that some mentally ill patients become aggressive, they flee and defend themselves in such cases. But I\u8217\'92m not angry with the today\u8217\'92s hierarchs, they are humans, too, they may commit mistakes influenced by illusionist intelligences, I guess.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The measureless multiplication of the humans is just a way out for life to avoid suppression and destruction. The spreading some nations and cultures in the world tries to counteract this process \u8211\'96 as the Le Chatelier theorem dictates. ((If a system is in equilibrium, any changes influencing this system pushes the balance in the direction trying to counteract this effect. This theorem is the consequence of the principle of the conservation of energy.))}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s consider the fate of the Dalai Lama and his people and their intelligences. Chine invades and tries to destruct them.  The country and the culture are plundered and destructed. The people along with the Dalai Lama flee.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
With the help of intelligences. Many of them die and perish.  But they are spread all over the world.  They and especially their intelligences. They appear in the brain of other people, they flee and even my subconscious range has accepted their principles. They work in me willy-nilly. There you are! Has China achieved her goal? Did the Pharaoh\u8217\'92s army or Hitler\u8217\'92s fascism kill the Jews? What did spread the Gypsies all over the world? Why are spread the poor Hungarians in the world? Was able the Russian empire to conquer the Hungarian intelligence in 1956? Not at all. The persistence caused its fall later, I guess. What can support the poor, tortured, fleeing people living in misery? Their terrorists? No. But the terrorist should}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
lay down their arms and start to think.  They do against the  Le Chatelier theorem. Is it rational? No. They can only achieve the contrary. The Homo Sapiens will exclude from his subconscious range the faith and intelligences they intend to spread \u8211\'96 willy-nilly.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What happens to these fleeing intelligences in the world? They are spread. Why they flee unwillingly? Just like the Internet and the multiplied distributed P2P systems, to which I must return,  to speak about their safety, anonymity and dictatorships formed on them. What are these distributed systems for?  What was the reason why the Internet was designed by the Americans to its present form? For strategic reasons. To survive even a nuclear war. Survive a nuclear war? It seems to be an illusion.  Just cast a look on the fauna and flora of the  Bikini atoll. They flourish. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Conclusion: }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
the fleeing, spreading  people of chased, seemingly powerless  civilisations and the intelligences spread by them may survive even a nuclear war. Some individuals having power and money are building their pyramids, sarcophagi and food reserves  to achieve this goal. Why? Did the Pharaoh survive deep in his pyramid protected by the pyramid? Can a dictatorship survive hiding behind pyramids? Did Hitler survive closed in his bunker along with his intelligences? I guess ha was executed by his intelligences. Dot. And some Jews  this time in the concentration camps? Did they survive? Yes, I hear day by day. helped by their intelligences?  Yes. Is there REALITY? Yes. Ca we recognise it? Yes. Can we recognise our illusions with the help of them? I guess, yes. Those who force us cherish illusions, want to abuse us, I guess. I accept that it can be good-intentioned, but not always.  The well being can also be an illusion. Believe in facts and recognise lies.  We must recognised when the intent is just to tick us off against each other. Human against human. Life against life. Intelligence against intelligence Why?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
To get us to destroy the discovered and acknowledged parts of the REALITY.  To prevent us from building the Tower of Babel and from reaching the intelligences governing us through illusions, from the recognition and prevision of them. Not to recognise the REALITY or develop our knowledge or overmount the intelligences being able to influence us. To  maintain their power and dictatorship over us. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Avoid to be exposed by an intelligence.  Computers,  GPS, electronic communication  \u8211\'96 chat, facebook, Bible, Mammon, commandments set in stone, \u8230\'85 - we authorise the background power to do what she wants, but maybe this for recognition and understanding why is it a dictatorship or a faulty system\u8230\'85}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Try to separate  and flee, if needed, even declared as a loser. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Later on, it may get a leg in the subconscious range and starts to act. Maybe in metamorphosed form \u8230\'85 Do not condemn this intelligence definitely. See and consider what it brings and what it want with us to do. Consider the series \u8222\'84Star Wars\u8221\'94. What we can see there? In a popular American film, samurais appear and fight with laser swords instead of metal ones with the excellence, principles and eurythmics  indicating the best times of the Japanese (Eastern) martial art.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In World war II America defeated Japan, but it is plain to see that the Japanese intelligences survived in the world of the \u8220\'93winning\u8221\'94 culture. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
If we act against the principles of an intelligence, do not wonder that this intelligence goes against us \u8211\'96 maybe at other locations, in others\u8217\'92 brain using other intelligences actually \u8211\'96 but we know that these effects may origin from an intelligence and not from an actual tool of it (other people, animals, objects \u8230\'85); that must be better a premonition; keep under control your subconscious acts, the REALITY and our illusions, if possible, recognise them, avoid stories that happen to us, accept that we can lose in the meanwhile, do not become fascists, evil and life\u8217\'92s enemy, do not become a dictator and do not allow that all these problems turn us back in our way.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
This is the moment when we must particularly concentrate on the fact that the specific intelligence wants to raise illusions in us with the acts of other people, creatures or objects.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What illusions?  I\u8217\'92m chased by X (God or a person from my family). Everybody sees my \u8220\'93fault\u8221\'94 / mistakes /  cleverness  / beauty and that I am the Messiah (Jesus, Buddha \u8230\'85), Everybody sees through. And so on.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There may come the drastic experiences ending in a somersault, death by an accident  (Attila), maybe the psychiatry, \u8220\'93conversion\u8221\'94, life-term fear (TRICKY FEAR) and  disease, etc.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
And then, the \u8220\'93judgement\u8221\'94 by other people might come, the \u8220\'93stoning\u8221\'94 and the presentation as an \u8220\'93example\u8221\'94. You\u8217\'92ll be categorised and you can hardly leave this cage.  Your way and your fate became a tool in the hands of the power. Dot?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I believe and experience that we must not give up. There are times when you do not know what to do. A well prepared list of actions comes in handy. Scan it and you may get an idea where to go.  It can be reedited, reconsidered and corrected.  Sleeping, moving and redirection of our attention to other things by another activity and meditation (a visit to the subconscious range) are important points (but, if the illusions come, change). There can be a helping intelligence, e. g. Yoda, waiting for us and Luke who can avoid to embark a rocket to be with the master physically \u8230\'85 But a meeting with the master can be advantageous because he can give an example, he can teach and recognise \u8230\'85 The relaxation may be useful, even the conscious  shutoff of our thoughts in such cases.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
You must know that the intelligence, thoughts, connection, idea, principle or illusion may return later \u8211\'96 just consider Job\u8217\'92s story, but, as I expounded above, I have problems with it for various reasons. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Humans, creatures and objects \u8211\'96 our Earth for instance \u8211\'96 can hardly return, if it is lost / destroyed. Maximum the illusions.  The second family of Job is not the first, but the second  - it can not be the first one.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The perished in the destruction caused by fascism. The teaching becomes false, it is no more based on REALITY \u8211\'96 somebody abuses us \u8230\'85  I\u8217\'92d like to underscore these facts as a living human, an engineer.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There is a great master wanting exceed us in illusions. But we can think of the tale \u8220\'93The king is naked\u8221\'94. The illusion hits the dictator there making him ridiculous.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Matrix. Everybody calls back the film, I guess. If not, watch it once, not necessarily after the reading of my paper. As you like it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
See the \u8222\'84de ja vu\u8221\'94 feeling, what it means in the film. Yes, it may relate to the perception of the matrix\u8217\'92 fault.  E. g. the recognition of fascism might be someone\u8217\'92s  \u8222\'84de ja vu\u8221\'94. But it can relate to other things or it can even be irrelevant. The picture is not so simple, as it is presented there. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In fact, I do not \u8220\'93praise\u8221\'94 the film, I just want to analyse using my model.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Do not think that we can glimpse the reality while eating berries (it is the dogma of the psychiatric religion). The berry just removes our subconscious range, a good chance for the human spirit.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Do not think that we can return to our world \u8211\'96 the matrix - connected to a machine to fight the evil (moreover, they can connect us to a machine this way after having narcotised with berries \u8211\'96 stealing the abilities of our brain and our subconscious range and the world behind it, deemed as exposed in someone\u8217\'92s plans \u8211\'96 announcing for others as artificial intelligence who are not informed of our fate.).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s consider that e. g. the Google\u8217\'92s search engine, the artificial intelligences of the Facebook and the \u8220\'93connected\u8221\'94 items use in fact our \u8220\'93attached\u8221\'94 brain. I could enlarge this sequence as well. And the \u8220\'93slaves\u8221\'94, their \u8220\'93bosses\u8221\'94 and their \u8220\'93dictators\u8221\'94 work automatically governed by illusions \u8211\'96 as a relaxation. What is the subject of this work?  To BUILD UP the artificial intelligence \u8211\'96 the MATRIX itself.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Nowadays.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What can do the one having taken the berry in the film and was connected to the machine? He can shoot and rave inside the matrix, which, of course, is not the reality\u8230\'85}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I must note that the \u8220\'93heroes\u8221\'94 kill agents (according my illusions they are Americans) mainly, who will be multiplied and multiplied in number having virtually unlimited power and appear in the film as invincible entities\u8230\'85}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There now, the reel runs in the world as well: the terrorists, in the real world, (being just an illusion generated in us by the matrix) explode themselves, kill innocent people \u8211\'96 seemingly unscrupulously, but it may only be a phantasm suggested by the film: our real world is just a created, generated illusion (and the work American agents), i. e. one can rave and massacre freely ...}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
No further details are needed.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I emphasise once more that, yes, the subconscious topology is not known. The Intelligences  work and communicate inside. The source is not necessarily the human allowing these intelligences to act in our world. It\u8217\'92s a huge, infinite network \u8211\'96 the space \u8211\'96 this is how I see this.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Even a meteorite is not able to destroy our achievements \u8211\'96 they remain in the network, maybe through other creatures or in other galaxies. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Fortunately, the \u8220\'93Nodes\u8221\'94 inside are independent and unknown and maybe real life hides behind them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It can be, however, artificial intelligence as well having overmastered the intelligences of the planet\u8217\'92s nature. It was a \u8220\'93clever\u8221\'94 creature of it wanting to grasp the power over the world through the subconscious range. Maybe. I admit, I use my fantasy.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
How this \u8220\'93creature\u8221\'94 is able to move inside the galaxy? Through the subconscious range of the overmastered creature. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Um. It contacts there other possible intelligences and slowly, gradually, through a long series of societies delivers knowledge to such societies, accepting this knowledge while quarrelling with its bread and butter. With a long and insistent work, as a result of development,  it creates the EXACT copy of the \u8220\'93creature\u8221\'94 overmastering the planet concerned. Even so. I do not follow this line now.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I emphasise, it can be done with a living organism as well: the genetic engineering is near to the creation of a \u8222\'84perfect human\u8221\'94, being virtually a God the genome of whom (v0.57 ?) may hide in the deep bosom the pyramids embalmed \u8211\'96 conserving the DNA stock.  making possible a later reproduction and the Pharaoh (v0.58 ?) will be born, as a result of the work of the human community. And the Pharaoh may be bred within the family ad infinitum \u8211\'96 theoretically. The test may follow. The \u8222\'84bug\u8221\'94 is fixed. And he can hold under control the world (at other locations, too), as it was done before.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I\u8217\'92d like to mention that according to the Bible \u8222\'84the God created the human similar to his effigy, i. e. he created a little imperfect clone of himself who can be multiplied, sent to war or even to the galaxies; the project, however, was not successful; we tasted the apple of knowledge and were outlawed from the Garden of Eden, as offenders.  But \u8222\'84our God\u8221\'94 is with us in our subconscious range and \u8211\'96 with the help of the genetic engineering  - outside the Garden of Eden \u8211\'96 will vivify himself on Earth again. Or the  }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
chicken}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
-and-egg problem}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
?  But do not continue raving.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There are two ways to travel between galaxies physically. The machine or the \u8222\'84perfect divine organism\u8221\'94 that will create its own clone through us, an organism to be enslaved. No spaceship is needed, only the dependent organisms oriented to the target with illusions, i. e. we, ourselves, contacted by the aliens through the subconscious topology.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It\u8217\'92s not sure that it is satisfactory.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But what would be the reason why somebody wants to know us, if he knows what\u8217\'92s going on in our subconscious region being able to govern us here on Earth since millenaries with illusions without any expansive identification? Is it a coffee break why he is waiting to see the result?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Or he wants to expand and pounce to those who criticise him, his faith, intelligence to break the unwanted mirror into pieces?  It could hardly be done through the subconscious range.  Of course, it could be done with a nuclear war \u8211\'96 why not. It might also be done with illusions.  We execute ourselves, don\u8217\'92t we. But maybe the nuclear weapon is not enough. It must be reached physically. Why? There are several cultures spread all over the world. They might escape \u8211\'96 and criticism remains. This could be the way of thinking of a dictator.  Who wants to expand his power all over the space.  He wants to find the doubters and kill them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
One more story from the Bible. The meeting of Abraham with his God (?).  Abraham has no children and I understand his sad life and sentiments. The God points up to a star in the sky \u8211\'96 you\u8217\'92ll have so many successors, if you believe in  me  and you pass on this faith to your successors.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Knowing the Hungarian tales, the peasants are tempted by the devil offering agreements  to be accepted by the peasant because he is in need in some way. Then, he will be escaped from his bad situation by divine help.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What is, if it was just an illusion for Abraham to agree with God?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The successors of Abraham are also spread all over the world. They have had adventurous and rugged life. With the propagation of materialism, atheism and feudalism, may of them abandoned their faith and ancient customs and, as so many simple humans started to rely themselves on new intelligences in our \u8220\'93modern\u8221\'94 and  \u8220\'93enlightened\u8221\'94  world.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Then, World War II and Hitler came launching cruel anti-Jewish movements. Why? What was the reason?  Because the agreement with Abraham\u8217\'92s successors became doubtful?  Who could be the REAL contracting party behind Abraham\u8217\'92s possible illusions?  Could not it be that he wanted to draw out his future conquests by pointing up to the starts? And \u8211\'96 as a partner \u8211\'96 he has reckoned upon the ancestry of Abraham?  And because they were about forgetting the agreement failing simply (and deservedly) to believe in the contracting party, the \u8220\'93devil\u8221\'94, who appeared in the disguise of God abusing Abraham in need became extremely angry. As a consequence, a new generation of illusions was generated. The angry intelligence dictated to Adolf Hitler the \u8220\'93Mein Kampf.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I did not read it and I will not either, its values is shown by it title. Both words \u8220\'93Mein\u8221\'94 (My) and \u8220\'93Kampf\u8221\'94 (Struggle) are denied in this paper several times. Hitler has become a great dictator attracting many people in his power \u8211\'96 but his goals were not achieved, as I mentioned above. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, all that can be fantasy games, but they make the past more logical. I wanted to get down these thoughts on paper \u8211\'96 to document the operation of the thoughts and  the model.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
One more idea \u8211\'96 as I have promised \u8211\'96 about IOTA, a crypto-currency touching me under reedit of IOTA \u8220\'93Ask Us Anything\u8221\'94 \u8211\'96 I abandoned capably this situation and now, I\u8217\'92d like to write my opinion concerning the issue. IOTA was designed to replace Bitcoin, according to the designers\u8217\'92 opinion cleverly, but they were still unable to get rid of a central computer, the so called coordinator, what is SUSPICIOUS and SMELLY for me \u8211\'96 I admit.  Why do we speak about a P2P system, if it really is not a  system like this? Since its generation IOTA had an unbelievable career, but I feel that something is moving in my subconscious range. Here is my  \u8220\'93reddit\u8221\'94 question\u8217\'92s link, one can read it in English language, my dispute with  BCNext  having created IOTA and allegedly NXT as well:}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf17\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
https://www.reddit.com/r/Iota/comments/6hugtq/ask_us_anything/dj19ss8/}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\cf1\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The summary in short. BCNext is unanimous. In the course of the dispute, when I checkmated them finally, they started to spit and threaten me. I understood immediately, they can do anything to me, nobody can prevent it. They are anonymous, I\u8217\'92m a natural person along with my environment. In fact, in the today\u8217\'92s world the power (person, mafia, snake, Satan) of bad will can do anything to me. So, I opened a way to escape \u8211\'96 what I would do with a snake, too \u8211\'96 live and operate the way he likes.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But. This danger exists. BCNext is very popular in NXT circles \u8211\'96 it is worshipped almost as a God. Anonymous. Just like a God. As I showed above, eternal life can be forged to him. Who knows where can we find him in the world? It\u8217\'92s possible that the creator of NXT had been replaced \u8211\'96 other human / people / power stands behind him. Hmmm. It would be interesting to think about this, I guess. I regret the community, because it could have great goals. Even  NXT is hit by the wind of change \u8211\'96 the next generation is about to come: ARDOR. No problem. The essence is written on the paper: for the possibility of anonymity, I am uncertain concerning the usability of the pure P2P systems.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
At the same time, anonymity can even be useful, one, who wants to tell the truth or reveal the truth in a dictatorship (see the tales about king M\u225\'e1ty\u225\'e1s) can hide behind it.  But we muast know that an anonymous person can be replaced uncontrollably.  So much about this now \u8211\'96 you can think about it later.  I have doubts concerning the safety of the actual computer engineering systems as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, I use them continuously, but who knows the sources of certain news and information and among of my intelligences there can be one wanting to no my passwords. This intelligence might exist in the brain of a hacker, divulging the password, if he likes. However, this is not a closed area \u8211\'96 I endeavour not to know my passwords trying to avoid this option, by my techniques are not good enough, so I stop to detail it. If so, one should take care when developing artificial intelligences and spreading the so called \u8222\'84Internet of Things\u8221\'94, although I do not want to criticise it without knowing it, but there is a suspicion in me that the Pharaoh can appear in the shape of Hitler. Then, it would be too late to think of the ways how to escape.  It would be an extremely difficult situation.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The drone / clone army could be a reality. Although  Yoda has recognised that a victory in a war can not be gladness for a Jedi, he did not replaced the Jedi\u8217\'92s in the staff and this way they were caught by the trap.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe one must flee and hide in such situations. To protect information. Withdraw and meditate.  And an intelligence can even hide in our brain \u8211\'96 we simply fail to remember.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
We suppress it \u8211\'96 says the psychiatrist. But I prefer a mechanism according to which a computer detaches from the networks and will be shut off. It feels, maybe knows the menace threatening the network and itself. Or it stops to operate to have a chance to think. The new teaching of Christ were not accidentally  denied three times before the cock crows.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But think of the acts of Apostle Peter after the D \u8222\'84Quo vadis, Domine?\u8221\'94 illusion\u8230\'85 Or the conversion and turnaround  of Paul \u8230\'85}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Or maybe, Peter was abused by the illusion thinking that he may be \u8220\'93victorious\u8221\'94, if he returns; but, after his death we had to wait centuries to welcome St. Francis, to criticise, act and give an example how to build a Christian church, who can be accepted, how to subsist and what is what a Christian preacher has to preach.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But St. Francis may have committed a mistake when going to Rome to CONVINCE the Pope in his majestic and huge church from where \u8220\'93all roads lead\u8221\'94 to Rome to evangelise the world even by force.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I don\u8217\'92t want to generate disputes or compromise intelligences \u8211\'96 they might have changed since then. I just want to show, relying upon my fantasy, hoe I see the operation of intelligences, their \u8220\'93birth\u8221\'94 in our subconscious range and their effects on the world.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
We arrive at this point at the reformation. The teachings of Christ are announced, a father and a mother can be preacher \u8211\'96 although the Catholic church does not recognise them as Christians. I was deeply impressed by that \u8211\'96 I admit. Until my first somersault in Germany. I had there strange experiences and adventures. One such experience was, when the chaplain took a stack of books containing superstitions, myths and beliefs from the hands of a lady turning for advice to him and advised to get rid of such books as soon as possible, because these are useless books having no place on the shelves \u8211\'96 the Bible is the holy book and read it to be influenced by it. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I believe, he really wanted to help. But it stood in glaring contradiction with my openness and I was sorry about this lost information \u8211\'96 in short, I felt my self strangely. But maybe deservedly as well. Bible - \u8222\'84books\u8221\'94 in Latin language.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Our predecessors could not write more books \u8211\'96 it was a harder work than it is today.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I understand that they appreciated the information contained in these books worshipping them as saints.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\fs24\loch\f7
 }{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The generalisation was put into shape in me and I announced it, too: to my opinion, important thoughts and information may arise even today that must be encased in books or in book-like formations, PDF files to be read by anybody.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Sometimes I assort and select my books, I give away some unimportant or  obsolete items. As dictated by my actual sentiments and opinion. It happened that I had drastically decreased the number of my books. But there are gooks worthy to read and to be read many times. We arrive here at the world of tales, wonders, magicians, fairies, kobolds and demons. It is a very rich and colourful storehouse of information.  I remember my mother who always said:  do not forget how it was to be a child and think with a child\u8217\'92s head.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But what can do REALITY with that? Could ask someone wondering \u8230\'85 By the fact that many ancient human values and intelligences try to survive, it will be implanted into the subconscious range  of the individual during the childhood easily and it acts and works thereafter all through the life \u8211\'96 I hope so. We try to select them to replace with \u8220\'93better\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93more humanistic\u8221\'94 juveniles \u8211\'96we may approach sometimes in a better and sometimes in a worse way the REALITY than the ancient and \u8220\'93in our world obsolete\u8221\'94 stories. Yeah. The future will show it \u8211\'96 as we analysed above.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Let\u8217\'92s take an example. Take Dorka thrown in Oz\u8217\'92s empire by the storm.  Dorka \u8211\'96 with the help of an accident, kills an evil witch right at the tie of her arrival; her house, hit be the storm simply collapses.  She will have the magic shoes, but she does not know their power and she does not understand the behaviour of the suppressed people. A real na\u239\'efve child. She departs to Oz \u8211\'96 emperor of the world -  following the advises. Kutyusa is with her, she follows and acts like a dog.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In the meanwhile, they become her associates and friends:  two speaking and moving objects\u8211\'96 one requires a heart, while the other one a brain \u8211\'96 and an animal, that looks like a mighty king, but it is always afraid, requiring boldness. This group dodders along in the huge empire of Oz, I don\u8217\'92t detail it, one can read, but I guess that many people know the story.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It turned out that Oz was an amateurish dictator being afraid of the disclosure his power built on illusions and kill him thereafter. He confesses this checkmated to Dorka and her friends and the accident denounces him. Then, Oz is finally able to change his life, generating illusions again \u8211\'96 illusion heart, illusion brain and illusion boldness will be granted and its enough, because the Scarecrow put clever questions and gave clever advises.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
As before, the Tin Man was always careful not to be cruel to others \u8211\'96 he cried and got rusty many times.  The coward Lion  stood up always for his friends and the vulnerable  whole-heartedly. Oz would  like to fulfil Dorka\u8217\'92s request to return her in her country  using a REAL plan and a balloon, but it can not be executed, only Oz is able to leave his empire leaving the leadership to the clever Scarecrow. Dorka and her associates keep themselves busy in the empire in which the last property of the evil is lost and the secret of Dorka\u8217\'92s magic shoes turns out \u8211\'96 only the heels shall be clinked and she is at home in Kansas immediately where she is received by her family. She loses her magic shoes (magic tool), but it does not matter. She arrives at home with lots of experiences (intelligences).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Her friends are not with her, she is sorry about it, but she never forgets them ! And I hope that the children reading this \u8220\'93tale\u8221\'94 will never forget it. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In fact, tales and other stories are needed because they improve the children\u8217\'92s and adults\u8217\'92 thinking in an easy way. I don\u8217\'92t list here more examples. Maybe the is the empire of Oz is present in our world and the clever Scarecrow still lives there. He may do, because he is a Scarecrow, he can resist the cruel times much better than humans.  The other players, too. Let\u8217\'92s prove somebody the contrary.  :)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe even Merlin, the magician lives and acts. Or king M\u225\'e1ty\u225\'e1s. Sz\u225\'e1vitri. I don\u8217\'92t want to list my thoughts forth \u8211\'96 I hope that there are many \u8220\'93dusty\u8221\'94 and batty books on the people\u8217\'92s shelves.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
According to my experiences, the creatures and objects having unexplainable power, appear in the religions as well. Even the science operates frequently with  presumptions  and  ill-founded theses (maybe explainable wonders). But I feel that it\u8217\'92s better to prefer the operation with many small elements of REALITY constituting a more simple and traceable model to the usage of ONE (almighty, eternal \u8230\'85) solution, to be furnished with unnecessary human attributes for the emerging \u8220\'93bugs\u8221\'94 taking away the ground of REALITY in the meanwhile. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Under the aegis of discovery of the TRUTH. It\u8217\'92s just an illusion that there is only one of that.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What is promising, that according to the mathematic model, there are several intelligences, changing in number and constitute a possible continuum \u8211\'96 but leave the mathematicians to think, discover, possibly contradict. There is always a certain distance from the reality, that can actually not be measured, as I mentioned before, but I have recognised that no intelligence was able to know this distance. Nobody knows which one is \u8220\'93above\u8221\'94 the other and which is the more \u8220\'93clever\u8221\'94 one. Just consider the main intelligence of the almost extinguished Indians and e. g. the main intelligences of the Hitler fascism. In fact, there could be always an intelligence which, according to this sequence help the exposed ones and those in need, in a clever way or by demonstrating its power through a \u8220\'93wonder\u8221\'94 or simple thoughts. But it can be a different intelligence as well. Maybe the intelligence concerned does not want to incorporate  the entire reality knowingly. It\u8217\'92s better to enlighten something with a simple model than to use a excessive approach. Knowing my way and experiences, I believe that the distance between the intelligence and the REALITY (what can be an arbitrarily small part of REALITY) may be arbitrarily small, but never zero. This is the reason why learning and changing is so important for the intelligences.  Because only the knowledge about REALITY can sit in judgement on us in the future. But by that time they may have changed. The intelligences under review, but the others as well out of observance.  \u8220\'93New\u8221\'94 thoughts can emerge in our brain any time, new ideas, books and information can be discovered.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, the owner of specific intelligences realise in their enlightened condition, when the yet existing intelligences in them unite to create a new intelligence, that the distance became zero.  But it\u8217\'92s just a temporary illusion to be shadowed by events not explainable with the new model emerging later.  The temporary  feeling of enlightening being a instinctive delight at the same time, belongs to the development of intelligences to be followed by the phases of disappointment and apology. ((Bipolar people)) But one must see that it is just the possibility and process of learning for them.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
It\u8217\'92s my experience, I believe and hope that the thoughts are able to influence our intelligence (because they are intelligences trying to learn \u8211\'96 even from our \u8220\'93thoughts\u8221\'94) and our fate as well. According to my principles, as the intelligences operate in the brain of other people as well, the world can change faster than we hope or we could advance. But use other fundaments as well \u8211\'96 we are human and communicate out thoughts to others. \u8222\'84}{\cf2\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\cs17\cf1\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
If you don't ask you don't get.}{\cf1\dbch\af14\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f8
\u8221\'94}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
 or \u8222\'84}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
God helps those who help themselves}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
\u8221\'94. But we can listen, if needed, and ask questions, if we have an opportunity to do so and try to exclude misunderstandings. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The above statements can be understood by any intelligence. EVERY intelligence is suspicious excluding or limiting  criticism, changes and the possibility of changes. E. g. with the help of censorship.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Or information will be deleted even by medicines in the brain or burning books and abusive \u8220\'93INTEGRATION\u8221\'94 of people.  It\u8217\'92s just a generation of a false illusion to confirm power and under the aegis of the power\u8217\'92s fears. I handle the thoughts \u8220\'93communicated\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93whispered\u8221\'94 by the intelligences with criticism. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
My intelligences understand everything and I guess that thoughts do not emerge for the time being querying the existence of the model. And other things are not interesting for me \u8211\'96 I guess. The intelligences evaluating the spreading model may dispute the topic, but they will finally agree \u8211\'96 I experience, guess and believe.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Consider as a hopeful sign that I was able to get down these thought on paper. I was able to publish.  I can spread it and there are people who understand. The model itself seems to be quite elastic, helping to understand the memories emerging day by day.  I\u8217\'92d like to ask the forgiveness  of those who only want to know and  heal the brain and the subconscious range using the weapon of recognition of the REALITY.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
They want to form the real science. I hope that they liked my paper and it did not hurt them.  I hade to name the things somehow.  I wish that their science being rather a religion today, becomes a real science in the future. I ask them not to allow to separate the emerging science from the REALITY.  Much thanks for their attention and support as well.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Accordingly, I ask them not to consider everybody as evil operating in the world of psychology / psychiatry. They do their best and use the medicines in a proper way. They may have good medicines, too. But I want to see to be recognised that all that is a religion, the privileges facilitating the state subsidy and helping only those who turn to them for help in their temples shall be abolished. And allow them to go, if they want to, as the other regions in the world do. They can accept even offenders, as they did before, if the believe in their \u8220\'93illness, recovery and conversion\u8221\'94, but the world shall handle them as a different category, i. e. as silent and peaceful \u8220\'93insane people\u8221\'94 where I belong. Although, for the inaccuracy of the law I was medicated sometimes in close wards.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
What could be the guide to influence our future decisions? }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Fundamentally, the respect of variety in cultural, mental and biological terms.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
LIFE is not limited to humands or animals, respect the INFORMATION  do not burn books, do nut plunder countries, do not explode A-bombs (and do not paralyse the subconscious range with chemicals \u8211\'96 only, if somebody asks it). I believe, and I was promised that the REALITY would call us to account for this through the health and environment of the person concerned. To follow my advises would guarantee the recovery for our Earth, Gaia and our children as well. I believe.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, I don\u8217\'92t want to allege that we\u8217\'92ll find a better way in business life.  Not even that the average age will be higher. Possibly, the GDP will not increase either. I do not want to list the \u8220\'93only increase is acceptable\u8221\'94 phrases. Probably, they will NOT increase any more. New parameters and solutions should be found. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I started to swim hoping to lose weight. I spend more time with my children.  I hope that we\u8217\'92ll live happy in a better, more independent, more clever, more peaceful, more conscious, more honest world with less stresses. The change to be made in the societies will not be easy. Except for the Indians in Brazil\u8217\'92s jungles.  That\u8217\'92s the way it goes. A world having an idea of the future is better than a one heading for a fall.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
But what to do with nourishing ? Should the fox resign from eating rabbit? Sure enough. But he shall eat like an Indian, satisfying his needs ("}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
Give us this day our }{\cs18\b\ab\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
daily bread}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
 ").}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Or, if we stamp down an ant, should we be despaired? No.  Even an elephant would not do so.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
There are unavoidable not calculable events \u8211\'96 we know:  we are humans, no Gods and don\u8217\'92t try to be a God, even tempted to do strongly. There are accidents \u8211\'96 do not take care about them, do not magnify it, do not fall in depression or blame ourselves or others.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
These are the parts of life.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Feel better remorse for the wasted nylon bags, but without exaggeration. The trend should be good. We can not change or make changes immediately. It\u8217\'92s not allowed. Our environment can not immediate changes either.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
And don\u8217\'92t }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
put}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
 }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
a}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
 }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
halter}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
 }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
round}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
 }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
our}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
 }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
own}{\dbch\af14\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
 }{\dbch\af14\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f8
neck}{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
 and our environment \u8211\'96 please. The machines, tools, thoughts, computers and networks shall only be instruments, but not to build dictatorship.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Some forward looking examples- for the sake of better understanding: }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
1.) Concerning the nuclear weapons, the first move could be divert the target from each other by the nations having such weapons \u8211\'96 instead, to aim them at their own territories under international control by countries having no nuclear weapons, if they want to protect these territories anyway. It can work in case of a real aggression. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Maybe the protection would be faster \u8211\'96 no diplomatic announcements would be needed why a hostile army was eliminated in the area when it landed from the Vega and started to kill.   The atomic energy and the nuclear weapons are knowledge, i. e. information on the REALITY. Do not disassemble this arsenal, but we must know that we are not ripe enough to use it and this knowledge is very dangerous. Try to exclude them from our life, e. g. Paks and the experimental nuclear station at the technical University at Budapest.  Keep the knowledge obtained with respect, shared and spread all over the world. But under strict control, punishing internationally any abuse and the violation of international agreements \u8211\'96 I think now of North-Korea.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I guess that America has no reason to be afraid of some rockets, equipped even with nuclear weapons. No pre-emptive strikes or sudden counter strikes should be applied. A move like this would strengthen the  misunderstanding and the generation of illusions.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
2.) Maybe the Hungarian elections next year should be transacted this way ((to be able to show an example to the world demonstrating our ability to change)):}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
If you want to be MP nominees in your district, try it as a nominee independent of political parties.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
If you are a simple voter, vote for independent nominees EXCLUSIVELY instead of party lists. (I hope that a voice like this is valid in Hungary or ask the Constitution Court or initiate a referendum, as the case may be ...).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Convince your environment, too.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
In the meanwhile, you can spread this paper and link \u8211\'96 it\u8217\'92s not forbidden. \u8222\'84Copyleft\u8221\'94.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Announce as part of your program that the representatives can be withdrawn quarterly as a result of a decision of their district (but they are allowed to participate in the next interim election). Why to elect a representative having told lies and does represent  his district well? As if he denied / replaced his old identity (intelligences), i. e. the voters do not vote for the intelligences for which they gave their voices (this way, not the principles what they wanted reign). But even the voters can change \u8211\'96 it\u8217\'92s possible. They are the ones represented, their right is to change minds and not in the contrary way. ((Is this the present wording of Aranybulla (The Golden Bull)?))}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
The parliament constituted this way shall start its work with the creation of a new Constitution instead of creation of groups, parties, coalitions or government, eventually by election of a king. In this latter case I would reserve one place for the \u8220\'93jester\u8221\'94; be somebody  who may think and communicate  freely. Such position was maintained even in the middle-age.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I believe, but is not a requirement that my views will later be considered in the work of lawmakers, the conventional assembly and judges I hope that it will act well sooner or later. The mistakes and obstacles will be found in it jointly.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
3.) But, we may present good examples to the world sooner. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Accept refugees not separated them from their families. Do not spread them in the country.  Their simple integration / incorporation  should generate fear and violation. We ask Europe to create a society who can live around the minaret of P\u233\'e9cs in Hungary as official Hungarian minority.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
However, there must be a good choice of people and future communities. This community shall possibly come from the same culture and our job is to provide possibility to maintain and announce it. Be there representatives in the parliament. Ring the muezzin\u8217\'92s prayer from the minaret  AGAIN. Do not integrate them. Do not show \u8222\'84selfies\u8221\'94 on occasion of a excursion when a Islamic stands with us beside a cross. It\u8217\'92s not sure that we would prefer our reception in an Arab state, if the ladies should wear burka  and the men are not allowed to chuck the ladies\u8217\'92 buttocks in the streets.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Of course, the Hungarian laws, as by the other Hungarian minorities, shall be complied with, but we must teach them patiently, possibly with the help of another minority.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
I admit, I would not be disturbed by a culture coming from a different place, even from the Sahara or the jungles to be accepted not using the minaret of P\u233\'e9cs and its environment  - I just wanted to enlighten the principle with what Europe should present a good example.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
4.) Instead of Paks, global Sun, wind \u8230\'85 (renewable energy) power plant system to support the energy needs of the Hungarian-speaking  people and their environment \u8211\'96 its capacity equals to Paks and Paks2 \u8211\'96 spend so much money as for Paks2 even with credits taken from Russia partially  relying upon  the Russian industry, if possible.  We can even exceed this cost, if needed, as it is a usual practice in Hungary.  :)}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- the Hungarian-speaking population are spread all over the world \u8211\'96 the Hungarian-speaking colony could contact many countries}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- support them and reckon upon their environment, laws when designing, and assign people to prepare that with international negotiations }
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- the power station system created, shall be a global one \u8211\'96 the Earth is round and not flat, the wind blows and the Sun shines...}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
- do not store the energy generated, instead, use it for our own purposes or sell it or change for crypto (selecting cleverly, designing a new one for this purpose) \u8211\'96 it can be directed to the points of the world needing energy what we could obtain for the money received. The storage is more simple.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Finally, one more idea about all the above discussion, it\u8217\'92s important, because there were people reading this paper, saying, as the representative of a small church that  his faith in his God, embodied by the REALITY was strengthened by this paper. I have emphasised for him again that, in my opinion, the REALITY may depend on location and time \u8211\'96 who knows? I don\u8217\'92t believe that the REALITY is the same in the Sun, in the centre of Earth or in the \u8222\'84dark regions of the space\u8221\'94 as it is on the Earth.  I don\u8217\'92t believe that they are unable to agree with other mono-deist  churches, e. g. Christian, Jewish and Moslem since millennia. They could say using a similar logic that the REALITY in this paper is their single God. Just consider, how it can be?}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Your intelligences be with you, could I say in a spirit of George Lucas, in slight contradiction with it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7

\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
Istv\u225\'e1n Finta}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f7
graduate engineer, and information engineer}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0{\dbch\af13\afs16\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\loch\f7
p.s.:My psychological final report is not enclosed \u8211\'96 I guess / hope  the ones wrote it are not proud of it.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\sb0\sa200\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033\dbch\af16\afs22\alang1025\lang2057\loch\f4\fs22\sl240\slmult1\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par }